what is up guys so I want to do a
different type of video today on some
news concerning iOS and YouTube now many
of you may or may not have heard but
today iOS 6 beta for was actually pushed
out to all the developers to download
and with this update the actual stock
YouTube iOS app that has been on all the
iOS devices in the past has actually
been permanently removed now this is not
some sort of bug or glitch in the latest
iOS 6 beta but it is actually confirmed
by apple that YouTube will no longer be
on iOS due to YouTube's license with
Apple's iOS is actually over so that's
expired now and also with Google owning
YouTube Apple has been trying to get
away from even partnering with Google as
we saw when iOS 6 was first announced
with the whole letting go of google maps
and using their own Maps app now so I
personally have not even cared about the
iOS YouTube app I never really used it
because I actually use a mobile one far
much more than just the actual stock
YouTube app because it's a lot nicer and
I can actually reply to comments easier
and all that good stuff so YouTube app
on iOS it kind of actually it honestly
it sucks in my opinion and many have
been saying that Google will be making a
youtube app for iOS in the future and
that will be actually able to be
downloaded straight from the app store
so if they do go that route I mean
Google I mean they're not with Apple
anymore so I can do whatever they want
with their YouTube app and then release
it on iOS so I guess that would be a lot
better because the youtube stock app
that was on iOS it just plain-out sucked
now what I want to know from you guys is
what are your thoughts on this do you
care for you two to be a stock iOS app
or do you even use the app like do you
use the mobile
youtube site like i do or do you prefer
it to be a future app and be able to
download it straight from the app store
so let me know what your thoughts are on
this topic and the comments down below
and also let me know if you like these
type of videos and if you would like me
to do more news type videos like this in
the future give it a thumbs up and show
me that you like it in the bottom left
so i will know that you liked it and
work on more videos like this it's kind
of different and pretty sure y'all
hopefully i enjoyed it but anyways guys
if you are new to the channel feel free
to hit that subscribe button up top so
you'll be notified when I release my
latest video so that's gonna be it for
this video guys thanks for watching and
I'll catch you on the next one Bruce